Fix install instructions (#9)
neuralm/Neuralm-Server: README.md

     GO
     ```

>   8. Once the build has run succesfully, start the server to confirm that the database connection is succesfull either by hitting `F5` or go to `Debug > Start`. A console will launch and start initializing. Upon completion, the console will log `Server started successfully on port: 9999`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  8. Once the build has run successfully, start the server to confirm that the database connection is successful either by hitting `F5` or go to `Debug > Start`. A console will launch and start initializing. Upon completion, the console will log `Server started successfully on port: 9999`.
```
